{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green40\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;\red166\green58\blue8;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c15294\c20784\c25098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c71765\c30196\c1569;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Provided dataset description documents:
\f1\b0 \
1.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://canvas.illinois.edu/courses/65907/files/20790943?wrap=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 AirBnB-info-questions.pdf Link}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://canvas.illinois.edu/courses/65907/files/20790943/download?download_frd=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Download AirBnB-info-questions.pdf Link\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 2.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://canvas.illinois.edu/courses/65907/files/20790984?wrap=1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Twitter-info-questions.pdf Link}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://canvas.illinois.edu/courses/65907/files/20790984/download?download_frd=1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Download Twitter-info-questions.pdf Link\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Task 3: Data Model and Application Design (20%)
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Part 2 Goal:
\f1\b0 \'a0Determine how the data will be represented and loaded, and how the queries for the dataset you select will be implemented, for the system the team chose in Part 1 of the project. Think of this part as designing a Proof-of-Concept for the use of your system with the selected dataset.\
\'a0\
The deliverable for this part of the project is a 3\'965-page report that explains your data modeling approach, alternative design choices you considered, and your plan for data formatting, loading and querying.\'a0\
\'a0\
The document should address the following points.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 State which storage system and dataset you have chosen.\'a0
\f0\b Important Note- If you choose to use your own dataset, you must first verify it with the the course instructor and TA's to ensure it meets the project requirements.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Using some or all of the provided sample data, explain how you plan to represent that data in your selected system. (Diagrams encouraged!)\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (2 points) Show how the example data can be represented in the data model of your data store. Mention any indexes you will create.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (2 points) Describe at least one variant representation you considered during the design phase.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (2 points) Explain why you believe your final design is the preferred one.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (4 points) Describe the process you will use to restructure the data to fit your model\'97including any cleaning steps you think will be needed\'97and how you plan to load it. (Note, you need not load portions of data items into your system if you determine they won\'92t be required for the queries.)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (7 points) For the six queries in the appropriate dataset description document, give implementation strategies in pseudo-code based on the capabilities of your data store and the indexes you plan to define. Be sure there are enough comments to explain the strategy of each.\'a0
\f0\b Important Note: If you choose to use your own dataset instead of the dataset description document provided by us, you must first verify the six queries you design with the course instructor and TAs to ensure they meet the project requirements.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (3 points) Include a screenshot that shows you have loaded at least a few data items into your system.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Note: For this part, you will design for all 6 queries. For Part 3, you will be implementing a subset of them.\'a0
\f1\b0 \
}