{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green40\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c15294\c20784\c25098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You should do this assignment in project teams (but the 2-page write-up should be done individually). You should only talk to your group, the TA and the instructor about this assignment. You may also post questions and comments to the course discussion list on Campuswire.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Part 3: Prototype Implementation\'a0
\f0\b0 \
Briefly, Part 3 is to implement your design from Part 2. More specifically, based on the design from Part 2, your team should create a prototype in your chosen system that implements your data model, loads the appropriate data and implements (some of) the queries from Part 1. Each student will also do an individual short report.\
\'a0\

\f1\b Deliverables:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A 10 minute presentation on your prototype.\'a0
\f2\i\b Please upload an initial copy of your slides as a PDF by 4/29 (so we can print them off to make notes).
\f0\i0\b0 \'a0The presentation should include:\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Brief overview of your data model (can be using an example).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Demonstration of at least 2 queries.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Critique of your data model and query execution plans. What would you change if you could do the design over? What did you change from your initial design?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lessons learned: What did you learn about your system (and cloud data management in general) from the project? What advice would you give someone who was considering using the system you used?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 \cb3 \'a0\'a0
\f1\i0\b \'a0All team members should participate in the presentation.
\f0\b0 \
\'a0 2. Final slides: these will be your presentation slides with two additions:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Slides for all queries you implemented.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A slide explaining how much of the original dataset you managed to load.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Please upload your final slides as a PDF by 6th May.\
\'a03. A copy of your code. It should be commented and submitted as a PDF via Canvas at the same time as the final slides.\
\'a04. A 2-page report, done individually, that summarizes the major decisions made, gives lessons you learned, and explains your role in the project\
}